Clarity on debug libraries further settings (#2226)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Installation/Windows-Install-Binary.rst

.. note::

>    | To download the ROS 2 debug libraries you'll need to download ``ros2-foxy-*-windows-debug-AMD64.zip``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | To download the ROS 2 debug libraries you'll need to download ``ros2-{DISTRO}-*-windows-debug-AMD64.zip``.
```

   | Please note that debug libraries require some more additional configuration/setup to work as given below.

>    | If you just want release version then skip to the next step: `Unpack the zip file somewhere`.

Reviewer: This doesn't seem to link properly.  I think we should just say:

```suggestion
   | If you just want release version then skip to "Unpacking the zip file somewhere".
```

   | Python installation may require modification to enable debugging symbols and debug binaries.

   | Search in windows **Search Bar** and open **Apps and Features**.

   | Search for the installed Python version.

   | Click Modify.

>    .. image:: https://i.imgur.com/xf7uysV.png

Reviewer: Let's embed these images right here in the source repository, rather than hotlinking to a third-party site.  Same goes for the two below.

Author: Thank you. There was already an image referring to the third-party site so I tried to keep the images I added in the same way. Now I have embedded all the images of this right here linked to this source repo.

.. note::

>     To download the ROS 2 debug libraries you'll need to download ``ros2-foxy-*-windows-debug-AMD64.zip``. Please note that debug libraries may require some more additional configuration/setup to work. For example, python has to be installed with debugging symbols and debug binaries enabled. Otherwise, it will not work. See `this <https://github.com/ros2/ros2/issues/525#issuecomment-658771320>`__.

Reviewer: Nit: one sentence per line here.

But more importantly, I'd rather not refer to comments on a GitHub issue about how to do the installation.  I'll suggest we put whatever instructions we want users to know directly here, as this site is the canonical installation instructions.

Author: @clalancette : I have amended the patch to reflect this suggestion.
